I own anything I only need underneath
taking the up here man obviously guys no
large addition in this school a lot of
guys come back to Sean Jackson
Washington Redskins it's coming here
today to talk to you guys let's give it
up for him all right clap it up clap it
up hi y'all looking out here y'all ain't
looking nothing how y'all looking out
here I'll be out here messing with y'all
for a couple hours or something I want
to see what shot God man today I want to
see a championship being brought back
for long become a basketball yeah
football you just want to think about
some of the common football both throw
me the ball idea right here every time
how that feel I feel good right
shoulders ever definitely pay them BAM
come on
droppin it what you put on this field
right here is gonna get you to the next
level and eventually maybe two in a
field well all I ask y'all doing y'all
out here just give it a hundred seven
centers work hard you know putting the
work man get a break man breaking it
down